1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Ans: We dont need to do multiple repeatation in writing the logics of the code. once a logic is written it can be used multiple times in different functions



2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called? 
when it's specified


3. What statement creates a function?
def statement



4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
Function is a user defined set of statements used for automation of code skipping repetative line of codes

Once a function is defined function call is executed so that the mentioned logics and statements in function have to be applied on the values to provide output




5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?

There is only 1 global scope in python program limiting towards a single file execution. local scopes can be more than 1 because we can specify multiple regions for a variable access



6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
once the function call returns the scope of variable expires. Again to activate the scope of the local variable the function needs to be called


7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
return value returns the values as it's datatype. yes it's possible to have return value in an expression


8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
if there is no return statement then the return type is None


9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
use the global keyword



10. What is the data type of None?

NoneType


11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?

returns error ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'areallyourpetsnamederic'


12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
spam.bacon()



13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
use try and except



14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
try will execute a code if there is an error except clause will run showcasing the type of error